chore: update fedcm links (#650)
w3c-fedid/FedCM: explorations/alternatives_considered.md

# Alternatives Considered

> Now that we have a deep understanding of (a) the [problem](README.md) and (b) the [motivations](https://w3cping.github.io/privacy-threat-model/) and [topology](activation.md) of the parties involved, lets look at some **why not**s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have a deep understanding of (a) the [problem](README.md) and (b) the [motivations](https://w3c-fedid.github.io/FedCM/#privacy) and [topology](activation.md) of the parties involved, lets look at some **why not**s.
```
